Use dnf_module resource from yum cookbook (#698)
sous-chefs/postgresql: documentation/access.md

[Back to resource list](../README.md#Resources)

# postgresql_access

This resource uses the accumulator pattern to build up the `pg_hba.conf` file to make this cookbook more reusable. It directly mirrors the configuration options of the Postgres hba file in the resource and by default notifies the server with a reload to avoid a full restart (and potential outage of service). To revoke access, simply remove the resource and the access change won't be present in the final `pg_hba.conf` on subsequent Chef runs.

## Actions

- `grant` - (default) Creates an access line inside of `pg_hba.conf`

## Properties

| Name            | Types  | Description                                                                               | Default           | Required? |
| --------------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- | --------- |
| `name`          | String | Name of the access resource, this is left as a comment inside the `pg_hba` config         | Resource name     | yes       |

> | `source`        | String | The cookbook template filename if using a custom template                                 | 'pg_hba.conf.erb' | yes       |

Reviewer: Let's wrap all default values in tech type.
```suggestion
| `source`        | String | The cookbook template filename if using a custom template                                 | `pg_hba.conf.erb` | yes       |
```
